let's jump right into it
now you're asking yourself okay
what is a non-fungible token you know
you're kind of looking like huh
well we're coming to this course to kind
of better understand that
and so let's jump straight into a
definition right
an nft
stands for non-fungible
token
now what is the meaning of this what
does this actually
mean
well
it is proof
of ownership
of an asset
okay
proof of ownership of an asset
what type of asset
well any asset really doesn't really
matter right now we're looking at assets
that are predominantly digital right
but
in theory it could be any asset at all
an nft is just a token that says hey i
have proof of ownership of this asset
okay non-fungible
what does that stand for okay so we know
that the token is the unique part you
know it says hey this is the ownership
but why is it called basically a
non-fungible token well non-fungible
refers to the fact
that it is unique and cannot be
replaced
interesting okay so the non-fungible
part refers to the fact that the asset
or thing or whatever it is is unique
and cannot be replaced okay
wait what mo what did you just say
huh
the asset
cannot be replaced well let's look at
some examples